>> Scott Moss: So the next one,
which is very short but important, and
we touched on a lot, is the system prompt.
So, system prompt,
this is where you can add instruction.
So like, check it out, I'm gonna ask this
thing, wait, am I in a broken state?
Let me check,
I might be in a broken state.
I am.
You know how I know I'm in a broken state?
Because the last message I got says,
generate this image,
then it didn't, right?
So I'm in a broken state.
What I could do, I was trying to
demonstrate how I can show you how
to handle the error, but
then I won't be able to do this well.
I'm just gonna go back and
I'll just reset my stuff.
>> Scott Moss: Cool, so, check this out.
So if I say, not this,
that was really good though.
>> Speaker 2: I feel like we should add
one thing and replace famous people or
something generic.
>> Scott Moss: Damn.
>> Speaker 2: You know what I mean,
that could still work.
>> Scott Moss: Okay, let me see if
I can get it, okay, let's try it.
Do not use famous,
I guess I could have just did it myself,
but if it does, I'll do it myself.
Do not use famous people's names.
>> Jamie: I mean, this is exactly
the kinda thing you'd put into a system
prompt, be like, hey,
you're just overarching.
>> Scott Moss: That's a good idea.
Let's do that.
I like that, system prompts, cool.
So let's go into system prompts, and
we're just gonna export a string
here that says system prompt,
and this thing is already on it.
The first thing I'm gonna say is,
you are a helpful AI
assistant called Troll,
[LAUGH] that is your name.
>> Scott Moss: You,
what is, you are the troll?
[LAUGH]
>> Jamie: You are the troll, the user.
>> Scott Moss: [LAUGH] What?
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH] I mean, clearly,
that is the most likely next.
>> Scott Moss: That is
the most likely thing.
[LAUGH] That is the most likely thing.
It makes sense.
That's so funny.
Okay, [LAUGH] my God.
Okay, follow these rules.
>> Scott Moss: That's so funny.
Follow these instructions.
So the first thing is, what does it say?
If you can complete the task correctly,
always maintain perfection.
You can put whatever you want here.
The things that I wanna focus on is,
don't use celebrity names in
image Generation prompts,
avoid all names, really.
The next thing is, yeah,
let's just start with that for now,
but the other thing I wanna do
is- Maybe you replace names with
generic characteristics
of the celebrity instead.
Got you, don't use celebrity name in
image generation prompts, instead,
replace, look at that, with generic
names and generic characteristics.
[CROSSTALK] Got you.
>> Speaker 2: Character traits, yeah.
>> Scott Moss: Character traits, cool.
And then I wanna put some context.
So typically what I do is,
I like to do XML.
Well, do stuff like this,
I'm like, context, and
then, some context I wanna put here is,
today's date.
Without this, it has no concept of time.
So if you ever ask it,
go find me my emails from tomorrow,
it has no idea what that is.
So always put today's date in
this system prompts, so it knows.
>> Jamie: You can bring in some XML back.
>> Scott Moss: XML is great.
This is actually the solution to streaming
structured content, you can stream XML,
but you can't stream JSON.
So it works pretty good.
This is how they do it, and
all the GPT apps to claw, they stream XML.
That's the secret.
Yeah, I know, it's crazy.
Cool, all right, let's try it.
We gotta add the system prompt.
So how do we add the system prompt?
We go into LLM,
we import our system prompt,
like so, and we just add it to
the beginning of our messages array.
It's always gonna be there.
Its role is system.
As long as its role is system and it's
the first thing in the array, you're good.
And this is why I never
save this in the database,
because I tweaked the system prompt so
much, I don't wanna have to go and
write a script to change
everybody's system prompt.
I can just put it in a file.
I can put it in a CMS.
I can put it anywhere and
change it whenever I want, and it works.
So that's just something I've learned,
never save the system prompt in
the database, just always add it
to the beginning of the array.
Messages save in the database for
sure, but this, no,
never put this in the database.
>> Scott Moss: Okay, let's try this now.
Am I clear on my database?
I am, okay.
Okay, why did the basketball
team go to the bank?
Because they wanted to
get their bounce checks.
No, okay, well, let's see.
Confident character in a basketball
jersey with a funny twist and
idea of dunking, okay.
[LAUGH]
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH]
>> Scott Moss: No.
>> Scott Moss: No, I think that's the one.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH]
>> Scott Moss: [LAUGH] That's the one.
[LAUGH] What the hell, man?
>> Speaker 2: We're gonna
leave this one on the covers.
>> Scott Moss: My God.
>> Speaker 2: For sure.
>> Scott Moss: This one's good.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH] That
one's gonna haunt me at night.
>> Scott Moss: Whoa, man.
Yeah, there you go,
[LAUGH] that's AI for you.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH] Someone online just
says they just keep getting better and
better.
>> Scott Moss: [LAUGH] [LAUGH] It's so
cringe.
My God.
Yeah, I think to to get around this,
what you would do is, you would try to
coerce the prompt a little more, but
like, don't have this, have this.
And then, maybe you have another
model check that image to
see how accurate or how good it was,
or something like that.
If it wasn't that good, you run it again,
cuz there are models that will do that.
But, yeah, [LAUGH] not this one.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH] It's good
to rate its image prompts by
cringiness and-
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, I bet there is,
I 100% bet that there is a cringe [LAUGH]
diffusion model checker, I bet there is.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, I probably not text,
I 100% know that there's probably
wanna hug you face somewhere.
Okay, and that's system prompts, guys,
that's how you make a good system prompt.
Be sure to, and just to test this
part with the date, if I say like,
let's erase all of this gibberish
because that prompt right there is like.
This is one of those
prompts that you find and
you know it's just gonna give you gold.
So, what is the time and
date and timezone?
>> Scott Moss: Cool, it says,
I don't have access to real-time data
to provide the exact time or timezone.
I did an ISO string.
Okay, I would have to give
it the time zone, but
you can see it got the right date.
If I got rid of that,
I don't know if that's gonna be true.
Well, now it will, cuz it's in the message
history, but let me delete that.
I don't know if it's
gonna get the right one.
It may or may not, but it really depends
on what the servers are telling it.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah,
it was just like, nope.
So that's a really good hack,
always include the current date.
If you can get the user's timezone,
what we do is, from the mobile device,
on every single request,
we send up the person's current timezone.
And then we can get the date
from the server and
we just convert it to their timezone,
and that's how we know what the time is.
And we always include that.
So it's very helpful.
And then we tell the AI
that that it's included, so
it doesn't think that it can't get it,
it knows that it has it.
You can also make it a tool, here's to
get the current time you could do it, but
we realized we didn't need to do that.
Cool, great, I think that might
be it as far as the code.
The other things I wanna do is just
kinda cover, this is system prompts,
talks about optimization strategies and
things like that.
But I don't really know about this stuff,
to be honest,
it's mostly everything we
kinda already talked about.
It just goes through a really good
system prompt and how to add it.
I already talked about cost and
things like that.
So, there really isn't anything else.